Mongodb percona (#1742)
kanisterio/kanister: examples/mongodb-percona/README.md

db.ticker.find({}).sort({createdAt:-1}).limit(1)
```

In order to test Point In Time Restore (PITR) create a ticker pod that add new entry every seconds.

```
MONGODB_DATABASE_ADMIN_PASSWORD=$(kubectl get secret my-cluster-name-secrets -ojsonpath='{.data.MONGODB_DATABASE_ADMIN_PASSWORD}'|base64 -d)
MONGODB_DATABASE_ADMIN_USER=$(kubectl get secret my-cluster-name-secrets -ojsonpath='{.data.MONGODB_DATABASE_ADMIN_USER}'|base64 -d)
kubectl run percona-ticker \
    --image=percona/percona-server-mongodb:4.4.16-16 \
    --env=MONGODB_DATABASE_ADMIN_PASSWORD=$MONGODB_DATABASE_ADMIN_PASSWORD \
    --env=MONGODB_DATABASE_ADMIN_USER=$MONGODB_DATABASE_ADMIN_USER \
    -- bash -c "while true; do mongo \"mongodb://$MONGODB_DATABASE_ADMIN_USER:$MONGODB_DATABASE_ADMIN_PASSWORD@my-cluster-name-mongos.mongodb.svc.cluster.local/admin?ssl=false\" --eval 'db.ticker.insert(  {createdAt: new Date(), randomdata: \"qstygshgqsfxxtqsfgqfhjqhsj\"} )'; sleep 1; done"
```

Reuse the percona-client to check you have a new entry every second, execute this command multiple times.
```
db.ticker.find({}).sort({createdAt:-1}).limit(1)
```

**NOTE:**

> If you change the storage name for something else than `my-s3-storage` in the cr.yaml file you need to change this name in the blueprint accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the storage name is changed to something other than `my-s3-storage` in the
`cr.yaml` file, change this name in the blueprint accordingly.
```

## Protect the Application

> You can now take a backup of the MongoDB data using an ActionSet defining backup for this application. Create an ActionSet in the same namespace as the controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MongoDB data can be backed up using an ActionSet defining backup for this
application. Create an ActionSet in the same namespace as the controller.
```

```bash
$ kubectl get profiles.cr.kanister.io  -n mongodb
NAME               AGE

> s3-profile-bvc8k   2h

Reviewer: We may not need this

$ kanctl create actionset \
   --action backup --namespace kasten-io \
   --blueprint psmdb-bp \

>    --profile mongodb/s3-profile-bvc8k \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   --objects psmdb.percona.com/v1/perconaservermongodbs/mongodb/my-cluster-name

$ kubectl --namespace kasten-io get actionsets.cr.kanister.io
NAME                 AGE
backup-vvskw         2h

# View the status of the actionset
$ kubectl --namespace kasten-io describe actionset backup-vvskw
```

> ### Disaster strikes!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Disaster Strikes!
```

> Let's say someone with fat fingers accidentally deleted the mongo cluster and all the pvcs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's say someone accidentally deleted the mongo cluster and all the PVCs:
```

```bash
kubectl delete psmdb my-cluster-name
kubectl delete po percona-ticker
kubectl delete pvc --all
```

> All pods and pvc are now gone. Recreate the cluster 
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the pods and PVCs are now gone. Recreate the cluster
```bash
```

kubectl apply -f cr.yaml
```

> Check the cluster is now ready 
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check if the cluster is now ready 
```bash
```

kubectl get psmdb
```

> If you try to access this data in the database, you should see that it is no longer there:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data in the database is no longer there:
```

```bash
MONGODB_DATABASE_ADMIN_PASSWORD=$(kubectl get secret my-cluster-name-secrets -ojsonpath='{.data.MONGODB_DATABASE_ADMIN_PASSWORD}'|base64 -d)
MONGODB_DATABASE_ADMIN_USER=$(kubectl get secret my-cluster-name-secrets -ojsonpath='{.data.MONGODB_DATABASE_ADMIN_USER}'|base64 -d)
kubectl run -i --rm --tty percona-client \
    --image=percona/percona-server-mongodb:4.4.16-16 \
    --env=MONGODB_DATABASE_ADMIN_PASSWORD=$MONGODB_DATABASE_ADMIN_PASSWORD \
    --env=MONGODB_DATABASE_ADMIN_USER=$MONGODB_DATABASE_ADMIN_USER \
    --restart=Never \
    -- bash -il
mongo "mongodb://$MONGODB_DATABASE_ADMIN_USER:$MONGODB_DATABASE_ADMIN_PASSWORD@my-cluster-name-mongos.mongodb.svc.cluster.local/admin?ssl=false"
```

> You should have no output when trying to query the ticker collections
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There should be no output when trying to query the ticker collections
```bash
```

db.ticker.find({}).sort({createdAt:-1}).limit(1)
```

### Restore the Application

> To restore the missing data, you should use the backup that you created before. An easy way to do this is to leverage `kanctl`, a command-line tool that helps create ActionSets that depend on other ActionSets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To restore the missing data, use the backup created earlier. An easy way to do
this is to leverage `kanctl`, a command-line tool that helps create ActionSets
that depend on other ActionSets:
```

```bash
$ kanctl --namespace kasten-io create actionset --action restore --from "backup-vvskw"
actionset restore-backup-vvskw-sfpm6 created

# View the status of the ActionSet
kubectl --namespace kasten-io describe actionset restore-backup-vvskw-sfpm6
```

> You should now see that the data has been successfully restored to MongoDB!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data should now be successfully restored to MongoDB!
```

```bash
db.ticker.find({}).sort({createdAt:-1}).limit(1)
{ "_id" : ObjectId("637372caf98744ac5a6e4aae"), "createdAt" : ISODate("2022-11-15T11:06:50.296Z"), "randomdata" : "qstygshgqsfxxtqsfgqfhjqhsj" }
```

> #### Point In Time Restore 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Point-In-Time Restore 
```

> Let's say the backup was at 15th Nov 2022 at 15:11 and we want to restore at a specific point in time after the backup at 15:13:10 the same day

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's say the backup was at 15th Nov 2022 at 15:11 and we want to restore at a
specific point in time after the backup at 15:13:10 the same day
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

kanctl --namespace kasten-io create actionset --action restore --from "backup-vvskw" --options pitr="2022-11-15 15:13:10"
```

### Delete the Artifacts

> The artifacts created by the backup action can be cleaned up using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The artifacts created by the backup action can be cleaned up using the
following command:
```

```bash
$ kanctl --namespace kasten-io create actionset --action delete --from "backup-vvskw"
actionset delete-backup-vvskw-xh29t created

# View the status of the ActionSet
$ kubectl --namespace kasten-io describe actionset delete-backup-vvskw-xh29t
```

**NOTE:**

> To have the delete action working  we need the operator up and running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To have the delete action working, we need the operator up and running.
```

### Troubleshooting

> If you run into any issues with the above commands, you can check the logs of the controller using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of issues with the above commands, check the logs of the controller
using:
```

```bash
$ kubectl --namespace kasten-io logs -l app=kanister-operator
```

> you can also check events of the actionset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check events of the ActionSet
```

```bash
$ kubectl describe actionset restore-backup-vvskw-sfpm6 -n kasten-io
```

> ## Uninstalling the operator and the blueprint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Uninstalling the Operator and the Blueprint
```

To uninstall/delete the mongodb cluster and the operator:

```bash
kubectl delete psmdb my-cluster-name
kubectl delete po percona-ticker
kubectl delete pvc --all
kubectl delete -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/percona/percona-server-mongodb-operator/v1.13.0/deploy/bundle.yaml
kubectl delete ns mongodb
```

> The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the operator and deletes the mongodb namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the operator
and deletes the `mongodb` namespace.
```

> Delete Blueprint and Profile CR

Reviewer: This will change if we remove the profile requirement
